# CS-250
Josh Holt 


When designing you must turn the needs of the stakeholders and the needs of the end users into a functioning product. This requires listening first to the stakeholders to determine the goals of the project. By first determining the desired outcome of the stakeholders you can then begin to figure out who the target end users would be. Once you know who you are trying to engage with the program, it is important to find out what they need to have to meet the stakeholders goals. Asking the right questions can be the key to providing the end users with an experience they enjoy and a program the get them to the stakeholders desired interaction. After you know who you are tying to reach and what you are tying to get them to do the user stories turn those needs in a blue print for the pieces of the project. The user stories break the needs down individually and outline what needs to be done for each need. 

When designing programs I first think of the goals of the program. Mainly it has been just what the school has required so I have no had the chance to meet with lots of people except for one class project. I have thought of designs for several major things including mental health monitoring apps and programs that could help special needs adults be more safe and independent, but I don't know where to begin and they are things that would require a large team or set of teams to pull off. My goal since starting computer science was to make products that could make people lives better. In my time here at SNHU and with the life experiences that have happend to I have decided to switch to data analytics because I believe it to will be more managable than continuing to struggle with coding while having so many things on my plate. I still hope that this will lead me to a place where I can help be a part of designing products that will help people struggle a little less. Honestly data would be a huge part of both ideas, so I may be headed in a plave to get a better idea of what I am trying to do. Agile has been my way without knowing it for a long time. I have never liked the waterfall, or poop rolls down hill method. I will continue to use these ideas in work and life. This class gave me hope that even corprate management can be open to change. 

A good team member is one who is open with communication both in success and in struggle. Timely and ready to contribute at daily scrums. A good team member is one that can work well with others and do their part. Using their strenghts to fill the gaps in the teams weaknesses and allowing the teams strenghts to fill the gaps in theirs. An often overlooked part of being a good team member is knowing when to ask for help so you don't hold your team back trying to take on more than you can.
